Terms and Conditions of Use
===========================


1 General
---------
The Car Diagnostic API service offered by Hella KGaA Hueck & Co. ("Hella") translates error codes displayed by on-board diagnostic units of vehicles into human-readable information. A more detailed description of the service is available at https://github.com/HellaVentures/Car-Diagnostic-API


2 Scope of application
----------------------

2.1 The use of the service and of the information, software and documentation made available through the Service (collectively "Service") is permitted exclusively in accordance with these general terms and conditions of use ("TCs"). By beginning to use the Service, the user accepts that these TCs apply. The TCs shall also apply to all upgrades, updates and changes to the Service ("Updates"), unless other terms have been agreed specifically for such Updates. These TCs shall apply exclusively to the relationship between Hella and the user; conflicting terms of the user or terms deviating from these TCs or statutory law shall not apply, even if Hella does not explicitly object to them.

2.2 Hella may change these TCs at any time. Hella shall inform the user of such changes, allowing for a reasonable objection period. If the user does not object within such period and continues to use the Service, this shall constitute acceptance of the changes. Hella will inform the user of this consequence when it informs the user of the changes. If the user objects to the changes, Hella shall be entitled to terminate the agreement with the user established by these TCs and to exclude the user from using the Service.


3 Licence
---------

3.1 For the term of this agreement Hella grants the user a simple, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use the Service solely for the purposes set out in clause 1. Any other right of the user to use the Service is excluded, in particular any copying, changing, translating or other use that is not strictly required for the purposes set out in clause 1. The license does not include access to the source code of any software used in the Service, and any decompiling, disassembling, reverse-engineering of such software by the user is prohibited. The user's mandatory rights (e.g. under the German Copyright Act) shall remain unaffected from the restrictions in this clause 2.2.

3.2 Certain parts of the software used to provide the Service may be open source software in which case the applicable open source license shall apply and prevail over the provisions of this clause 3. In these cases, Hella will make the object code or source code available to the user on request to the extent that this is required under the relevant open source licence. To the extent required by such open source license, the applicable terms are listed here https://github.com/HellaVentures/Car-Diagnostic-API/blob/master/LICENSE. By using the Service, the user accepts these open source licence terms.

3.3 The information, software and documentation used in the Service are protected both by copyright laws and international copyright agreements, and/or by other laws and agreements pertaining to intellectual property. The user shall observe these rights.


4 Fees
------

4.1 The user's use of the Service is subject to the payment of the agreed fee. A price list is available at https://console.ng.bluemix.net/catalog/services/car-diagnostic-api/

4.2 Hella can adjust the fees by written notice to the user provided that Hella observes a notification period of at least one month. A fee adjustment effective during the first twelve months of this agreement shall be excluded.

4.3 The fee shall be paid in advance for the applicable agreed term (month/year), subject to Hella providing the user with a corresponding invoice. Invoices shall be paid within 14 days from receipt.


5 Liability for legal and material defects
------------------------------------------

5.1 Except as expressly stated in the Service description referred to in clause 1, Hella does not provide any warranty or guarantee that the Service (i) is compatible with the user's hardware or software; (ii) will be fully available at all times or at any given time; (iii) will not cause any loss of data; (iv) is free of viruses, malware, malfunctions or other components which pose a security risk; (v) provides correct, complete or up to date information on, or translations of, error codes, or (vi) that the user's requirements or any other performance or functional requirements which are not agreed in this agreement will be fulfilled.

5.2 The user acknowledges and accepts that the information provided by the Service may not always be correct or up-to-date (e.g., due to recent product changes). Hella accepts no liability for such incorrect or outdated information.

5.3 When using the Service the user shall employ adequate, up-to date security measures (firewall, virus scanners, etc.).

5.4 If the user detects a defect in the Service, it shall inform Hella of such defect without delay and describe the defect and the circumstances of its detection in reasonable detail. Hella shall attempt to remedy the defect within an appropriate period of time. If at least two attempts of Hella to remedy the defect have been unsuccessful and if the defect constitutes a material degradation of the Service, the user may request an adequate reduction of the fee for the relevant period or terminate this agreement. Any further claims of the user relating to the defect shall be excluded.

5.5 No provision in these TCs shall exclude Hella's liability to the user for personal injury, wilful misconduct, fraudulent misrepresentation or other cases of mandatory liability which by law cannot be excluded.

5.6 In cases of slight negligence resulting in a breach of material contractual responsibilities, Hella shall only be liable for damages that considering the nature of the Service were reasonably foreseeable upon the user's acceptance of these TCs.

5.7 Hella's liability to the user for negligence shall in any calendar year in any event be limited to an amount equal to the total amount of fees paid by the user to Hella in such calendar year. Hella's unlimited liability pursuant to clause 5.5 shall remain unaffected.


6 Indemnity
-----------
The user shall indemnify Hella, its managers, employees and subcontractors against all third party demands and claims as well as against all losses, damages, costs and expenses, including adequate legal fees, which arise from (i) the user using the Service not in compliance with these TCs or (ii) any infringement of statutory law or third party rights caused by the user during the use of the Service.


7 Support and Updates
---------------------
Hella provides limited support as further described in the Service description referred to in clause 1. Hella provides Updates to the Service on a voluntary basis. Hella's obligation to remedy defects pursuant to clause 5 remains unaffected.


8 Term and termination
----------------------

8.1 These TCs start to apply upon the user's first use of the Service and shall continue to apply until this agreement is terminated either by the user or Hella pursuant to this clause 8. The user may terminate this agreement either by providing Hella with a written termination notice with a notice period of one month or by ceasing to use the Service. Hella may terminate this agreement either by providing the user with a written termination notice with a notice period of three months or by ceasing to offer the Service in which case Hella will also provide the user with a three months advance notice.

8.2 Either party's right to terminate this agreement for good cause shall remain unaffected.

8.3 After this agreement has been terminated, the user shall cease using the Service and shall permanently delete all copies of components of the Service which are still installed on devices under his control.

8.4 Hella reserves the right to completely or partially modify or suspend the Service at any time with a notice period of three months.


9 Confidentiality and data protection
-------------------------------------

9.1 The user shall keep all information to which he gets access under this agreement and in the course of using the Service confidential for an unlimited period of time and shall only use such information for the purposes of this agreement. The user's right to use the human-readable information provided through the Service in accordance with the license in clause 3 shall remain unaffected.

9.2 The user shall ensure that any potential transmission of personal data to Hella occurs in accordance with the applicable data protection laws.


10 Miscellaneous
----------------

10.1 Elements of the Service or Hella website may contain hyperlinks to third party websites. Hella does not assume responsibility for the contents of these websites and Hella does not claim these websites and their contents as its own.

10.2 If any provision of these TCs is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the other provisions of these TCs shall not be affected. The invalid provision shall be replaced with the valid, enforceable provision which comes closest to the legal and commercial purpose intended by the parties and this provision shall apply retroactively.

10.3 Retention or offsetting rights of the user shall only apply if the relevant counter claim of the user is undisputed or confirmed by a final court order.

10.4 Any modifications or amendments of these TCs require the written form, including any amendments to this clause 10.3.

10.5 This agreement shall be governed by German law with the exclusion of its conflict of law provisions and the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. The courts competent for Lippstadt shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes arising from or in relation to this agreement.


